# ML_for_kirigami_design (TensorFlow version)
Python package to model and to perform topology optimization for graphene kirigami using deep learning. We use convolutional neural networks (similar to VGGNet architecure) for regression. 

## General usage 

* Python script to create and test fine grid dataset from coarse grid dataset is avalaible in `bin\create-and-test-fine-grid.py`

1. Regression and optimization 
* A python code to perform regression with TensorFlow is avalaible in `notebooks\CNN\01-regression.ipynb`
* A python code to perform search optimal design with TensorFlow is avalaible in `notebooks\CNN\02-search-designs.ipynb`

2. Dataset 
* Raw dataset of coarse-grained configs is avaialble in `raw`. This dataset generated using AIREBO potential with 1.7 mincutoff which is the default of CH.airebo.


This package is still under developement. More features will be added soon.

## Building the conda environment

All dependencies are included in `environment.yml` and `requirements.txt` file. The enviroment can be generated by using 

```bash
mamba env create --prefix ./env --file environment.yml --force
```
or 
```bash
conda env create --prefix ./env --file environment.yml --force
```
If mamba do not exists then install it via
```bash
conda activate base
conda install mamba -n base -c conda-forge
```

# Update the conda env

If you add (remove) dependencies to (from) the environment.yml file or the requirements.txt file
after the environment has already been created, then you can re-create the environment with the
following command.

```bash
conda activate base
mamba env update --prefix ./env --file environment.yml  --prune
```

## References
* <a href="https://journals.aps.org/prresearch/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.2.042006" style="color:#268cd7">[1] **Paul Z. Hanakata**, E. D. Cubuk, D. K. Campbell, H.S. Park, *Phys. Rev. Research*, 2, 042006(R) (2020).</a>
* <a href="https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.121.255304" style="color:#268cd7">[2] **Paul Z. Hanakata**, E. D. Cubuk, D. K. Campbell, H.S. Park, *Phys. Rev. Lett*, 121, 255304  (2018).</a>
* [[3] Paul Z. Hanakata](https://github.com/phanakata/ML_for_kirigami_design.git)

